SCOPED READ-ONLY FEISHU GROUPS -- EXACT OPENCLAW 2026.9.2

This independently reversible companion adds filesystem containment to an
ALREADY restricted host group tool policy. It does not add a grant or rewrite
the model's prompt to claim safety.

Only a configured embedded dsh-native Agent, a trusted Feishu group identity,
and an existing resolved group allowlist containing exclusively read/message
activate the additional read-only workspace guard. Other groups, DMs, providers,
Agents and broader tool policies retain existing behavior.

Configure only the explicitly authorized dedicated group's tools.allow through
the host's supported config API:
  channels.feishu.groups.<exact-private-chat-id>.tools.allow = ["read","message"]
The inspected Feishu 2026.8.2 tool resolver reads the channel-level groups table.
Account group entries alone must not be assumed to enforce this ceiling.

The host still intersects all policy layers and deny rules. DSH's message tool
remains private and source-bound. This companion does not expose it to the model.
Core filesystem tools cannot mutate in this group; reads use the host workspace
guard, including the host's explicitly approved read-only skill roots. It is not
an OS sandbox or an exact-file allowlist. Use only synthetic data in dedicated
test workspaces, and retain task-specific read-path checks as additional evidence.

Do not change agent-global permissions or wildcard groups to enable testing.
Back up the exact prior group entry and guard config writes by the current hash;
restore only the owned field if its value remains unchanged.

  node host-patch\group-readonly\apply.mjs --root C:\PATH\TO\openclaw --check
Apply/restore only with the selected Gateway confirmed offline:
  node host-patch\group-readonly\apply.mjs --root C:\PATH\TO\openclaw --apply --offline-confirmed
  node host-patch\group-readonly\apply.mjs --root C:\PATH\TO\openclaw --restore --offline-confirmed

Exact original hash, unique anchors, independent receipt and original backup are
required. Unknown versions or modified files fail closed. Never edit hash pins
to bypass a mismatch. This does not itself restart or change configuration.
